Ah don't kill me don't kill me
Master, please forgive me
I am really out of blood?
Young Master, do you know when this cannon goes off?
Zhang Shuai's Army
You can't pay for your life
I can't save your life then, ah?
Is it still forgiveness?
Yes
Once you paid the money, didn't everything go away?
Hahahaha
What are you doing?
Why are you letting me go?
What are you going back to do?
I'm dead Xiaoting
Second Young Master Xiaoting, I brought it to you
Just take him
Xiaoting
If you fight with Bunsen Zhang Shuai's army
I keep your family safe
What are you still doing? Promise quickly.
Why? I'm already married
Let me go, you can't be willful at this time
Today, if you say no, you have to promise you.
Second young master, take him away
Kuai was originally Zhang dry food
Brothers, clean up the house for Lao Tzu
I have to do things
Yes
Why can't you do this?
Let it all go
I see who dares to move
Okay, put this down for me.
Lord, save me
No one can save you today
You surnamed Wu, your own life is in danger
I'll help you take care of your wife
You should be thanking me.
How can you be mad at me?
Don't you think so?
Yeah, 22 years old is fine
Xie Ping to Wang Sheng snatched it back for me
lad